[Music]
in 1989 scientist hank pym resigns from
shield after discovering their attempt
to replicate his ant-man shrinking
technology believing the technology is
dangerous Pym vows to hide it as long as
he lives in the present-day PIMs
estranged daughter hope Van Dyne and
former Protege Darren cross have forced
him out of his company Pym technologies
cross is close to perfecting a shrinking
suit of his own the yellow jacket which
horrifies Pym upon his release from
prison well-meaning thief Scott Lang
moved in with an old cellmate Lois Lang
visits his daughter Cassie unannounced
and is chastised by his former wife
Maggie and her police detective fiance
Paxton for not providing child support
unable to hold a job because of his
criminal record Lange agrees to join
Louie's crew and commit a burglary
laying breaks into a house and cracks it
safe but only finds what he believes to
be an old motorcycle suit which he takes
home after trying the suit on Lang
accidentally shrinks himself to the size
of an insect terrified by the experience
he returns the suit to the house but is
arrested on the way out hank pym the
homeowner visits Scott Lang in jail and
smuggled the suit into his cell to help
him break out Hank Pym who manipulated
Lang through an unknowing Louis into
stealing the suit as a test once Lang to
become the new ant-man to steal the
yellowjacket from cross having been
spying on Darren cross after discovering
his intentions hope Van Dyne and Hank
Pym trained Scott Lang to fight into
control ants while hope Van Dyne harbors
resentment towards her dad Hank Pym
about her mother Janet's death he
reveals that Janet known as the wasp
disappeared into a subatomic quantum
realm while disabling a Soviet nuclear
missile tank Tim warns Scott Lang that
he could suffer a similar fate if he
overrides his suits regulator they sent
him to steal a device that will aid
their heist from the Avengers
headquarters where he briefly fights
Falcons ham Wilton Darren cross perfects
the yellow jacket and hosts an unveiling
ceremony at Pym technologies
headquarters Scott Lang Allah
with his crew and a swarm of flying ants
infiltrates the building during the
event sabotages the company servers and
clients explosives when he attempts to
steal the yellowjacket he along with him
and hope are captured by Darren cross
who intends to sell both the
yellowjacket and ant-man suits to Hydra
laying breaks free and he and hope
dispatch most of the Hydra agents though
one flees with a vial of crosses
particles and Pym is shot Lang pursues
cross while the explosive detonate
imploding the building as Pym and Van
Dyne escape Darren cross dons the yellow
jacket and attack Scott Lang before Lang
is arrested by Paxton cross takes Cassie
hostage to lure lining into another
fight Lang overrides the regulator and
shrinks to subatomic size to penetrate
crosses suit and sabotage it to shrink
uncontrollably killing cross Lang
disappears into the quantum realm but
manages to reverse the effects and
returns to the macroscopic world out of
gratitude for Lang's heroism Paxton
covers her leg to keep him out of prison
seeing that Lang survived and returned
from the quantum realm Hank Pym wonders
if his wife is alive as well later Scott
Lang meets up with Lois who tells them
that Sam Wilson the Falcon is looking
for him in the mid credit scene
Hank Pym shows hope a new wasp prototype
suits and offers it to her
in a post-credits scene Sam Wilson and
Steve Rogers Captain America have Bucky
Barnes in their custody unable to
contact Tony Stark's because of the
Accords Wilson mentions that he knows
someone who can help Noah guy
[Music]
you